Create a “live” web interface to display two sets of data consisting of a minimum of 2MB and 100x100 dimensions.  
The data should be in binary format representing a format similar to P3 .PPM image format (each pixel is represented by 
3 ASCII decimal values as opposed to .PPM where each pixel is represented by 1 ASCII decimal value).  
Your format should contain 3 decimal values per pixel, but represented in the data as binary values.

This data should be stored in a database table but only through the web interface you will create.  
Store the data in the proper datatype within your database.

The data should then be retrieved from the database, and displayed in two tables. One table will be the raw data – original.  
The other table will be sorted by “rank” which will be determined by a binary numbering system, 
where a row of data represents a binary counting system.  For example

1001 1001 0001

Although this represents only 1 pixel of one of your rows, you can understand the idea of the sorting using this example.  
You will use the normal binary counting system, but to determine the value of each 4bit set, 
however to determine the value of the entire row you will use a custom system –if the 4bit set > 8, 
then consider it a “1” otherwise consider it “0”. Example:

            1001 = 9 à 1

            1001 = 9 à 1

            0001 = 1 à 0

Now if you represent these new “110” as a binary number you will get “6” in decimal, which is how you will sort the rows.

Please code in any web language you are comfortable in. We use PHP along with MySQL.  
Also, please make the system compatible with all browsers, 
please add security as if you were protecting a database full of credit card information, 
and please make it as speed oriented as you can.

Please complete as much of the task as possible.  
If you cannot complete 100% of the task, please submit what you have completed regardless – of course the more completed, 
the more chance your skills will have to be seen.

